okay so um yeah so it's finally time to
do this
feeder uh I was going to try to finish
the uh the uh well we could also work on
the PCB but the um and I'm pretty much
ready to order the PCB I'm just kind of
chickening
out but the
um we're going to do one axis Hopper
and the most important I think part is
looking at the augur assembly so this
out of darts Jupiter thing has uh two
mechanisms in it that allow it to
uh that allow it
to to um to feed one is just this augur
thing which is just this geometry that
goes over a
um so wait actually I want to say I want
to go back
to motor so he puts in the
blower yeah so wait we need to see the
underside of this
thing okay so I'm imagining that I'm
going to do a very similar thing here so
let's just um
okay
so I guess how do we want to do this the
first thing is we
need wait if I just do a
uh see if I just do
a
stepper separ width
and steper
height wait we don't actually have a
thing for that
measurement let's
see oh wait it's this this but all we
want to do is we want to measure from
here to here that's 48 so let's just go
into
our variable
Studio I forgot this is so annoying
um stepper height really isn't in here
48 that's surprising
wait that's the only one okay 48
[Music]
oh right I was saying there's two
mechanisms there's this one motor that
like you I'm honestly surprised like I
don't really understand how this vacuum
thing works but it allows you to place
the gun higher than the actual bottom of
the proton pack the outlet of the uh of
the proton pack and it and it's able to
suck them all the way up the
tube
um really cool but I think that for now
just so that I can get something to test
out
um we're just going to skip
that so let's just get started with the
yeah okay so no
so yeah so we're going to do a no
dimension
thing so where
is it's this okay rename to Hopper wait
is that that's not even
it I don't even know what that
is
okay okay cool
so um let's just start over
okay so we're going to sketch again on
the
top wait
what wait what the heck I thought
I yeah why why did normal take me to the
wrong
normal okay
so let's see all this is going to be the
bottom plate of this there's actually
going to be two parts here so
wait how many parts are there there's
going to
be Let's
do let's just do two
parts um I'll just make this a round
number let's just make it 100 then here
this um let's draw a rectangle this wait
the uh so this is going to
be
um stepper
with plus one I
guess okay
um so then we want to
Circle in here and then now I'm curious
what the distance from
oops this is 20
see that's not
enough so we need this Dimension where
is this Dimension
at oh it's govern by
this I see
okay so uh so this rectangle is
construction oh it's not going to
okay so basically we're going to
um this is
43 so we're going to extrude this let's
just do it by three or
something and then actually though with
this 25 thing
so wait let's just get another look at
this okay so yeah they use this like
ConEd set screw thing
so so okay the general thing is like
we're going to draw another sketch on
here we're going to draw a a circle
here it's
like okay then this gets extruded by
stepper
height and
probably
um and then that's okay and then on
here we
sketch we and we uh we draw just
wait yeah we can just do this
right so this is going to be
three and then we want to add then now
we want to draw a sketch on here and
this is going to be a stepper
hole and then
we we also want want like a little
circle here
that's what was it 15 uh
stepper yeah
this okay then this
is stepper mounting hole which
is we don't have
that oh
yeah okay and then we just do a
circular
this this is
for is that right I can't
tell let's just do
enter that's what's still
okay right so now we just need to
take um remove up to
next
okay so there's like that
and actually we probably want to counter
sync these I don't know but so then the
idea is
that uh you have a little can we get a
view of the
actual okay this is probably as good as
we're going to get so
yeah so actually this thing is pro is
bigger than you think and then I think
that
a there's the hose stuff I just want to
see them attach the actual Hopper onto
attaching the
container point we are completely ready
to oops has been set up and that I like
the settings and really that's just
those to yous on the actual board itself
one
again will give you uh the actual fan
speed so whether you're getting enough
feed rate coming through your your tube
and the second is the threshold in which
the current I also love those swivel
connectors those things are so
cool uh uh activates the circuit the
current detection so we're going to take
our container in this example I'm using
this one gallon container again when
this is in there it's a uh 450 rounds
including the
H so that'll twist does it go in the
outside of the inside into place there
and then it locks with two screws one on
either side these do not need to be to
place uh see do you see that though it's
okay so it goes on the outside so the so
then the hopper goes on the outside or I
mean the uh the actual like
container and it's just a set it's just
uh okay so then you need
so yeah it's good to make a feature
list
so this is quite tall though okay so
then what you
need um
and then he actually has like
a he actually has like a small rectangle
that
goes like
this and he's just extr shs us out by
like probably at
25 it seems
High um what is this this is yeah that's
fine it's this so let's make this um
maybe
28 and then what we're going to do is
we're going to do another so we're going
to let's just delete these these two
features cuz we don't really need them
yet so we're going to do a sketch on
here we're going to go normal and we're
going to
do and
um I think that this just goes up
um I wish I could rotate it
[Applause]
yeah they don't have any CAD why would I
think they have a cad
D so much work guys into designing this
thing it's actually insane
[Music]
dude dual wielding dude these guys are
so [__] oh man I want that so bad
first option is a pre-built unit and you
can get that with everything set up
totally ready to fire so it will come to
you all you will need to do is plug it
into a compatible Blaster charge up the
battery plug in the Lio alarm and
you uh activates the circuit the current
detection so we're going to take our
container and this example I'm using
this 1gallon container again when this
is in there it's a uh 450 rounds
including the hose so that'll twist into
place there and then it locks with two
screws one on either side these do not
need to be tighten very far they are
literally just
stopping the unit from turning so it's
really just a few
screws and is it threaded literally just
with two screws one the hose so that'll
this is in there it's a uh 450 rounds
including the hose so that'll twist into
place there and and then it locks with
two screws one on either side these do
not need to be tightened very far they
are literally just
stopping the unit from turning so it's
really just a few
[Music]
screws and there you are and now we're
we're locked in place I can then go
ahead and actually fill this guy
up
Overexposed and then of course you are
going to need your
lid so after you've got that lid on
there then we can grab our battery and
you can test it with the battery on the
outside of your blaster we
are okay well let's just let's just get
the shape down so let's extrude
this it's we want it to be like 75 right
want it to be real tall
and now the distance between here and
here is
what
oops how do I get the measurements there
we go minis 22 So that obviously is no
good because we're going to need much
more than that so if we go to this
sketch uh if that's what did it say
22 we need three more
so let's make this
30 okay now if we select
this this is 24 which
is just barely good
enough okay and
[Music]
now but actually no this isn't isn't
going to be good enough because what
we're going to have is something that
goes on top of this motor so if we just
go ahead and start to make our assembly
file we're going to insert um what is it
uh
stepper this is an assembly I believe
and we need
um
Hopper great okay so now that's almost
right except for we need to add a mate
uh what is it it's going to be
on
here to and then let's
hide this it's going to be onto there
let's turn this back on let me just need
to flip
it wait no
what oh wait I
think wait what are we doing
oh I think I think that this is
[Music]
right there you
go perfect and is that are those the
holes if we
turn this off
yeah so that's
great um so now we just need to design
the thing that goes over this
so what we need
okay so we have how much distance do we
have we have from here to here we have
mm
so so here's what I'm thinking as a most
basic
thing so first off
let's
see I'm just going to do a new part just
so that I can start to figure this out
so this is going to be
the
auger and
so it's going to be it needs to turn
smoothly around this which has a
diameter of
67 yeah that's so
big all right so whatever we're going to
make it 70 I guess so that's the ID
though so we need to make it 76 so we're
going to sketch on here this is going to
be
76 and then but the thing is
um yeah so now we want to extrude this
by and it really doesn't have to go
down can we get that oh there we go that
side view next we're going to put on our
Aug okay so see that one does look like
it goes all the way to the
ground I mean that's
fine I would love to see that from the
UND side um
and then I'm just curious so I going to
do tangent or
plane tangent
plane and why not put it
there let's just sketch
on so we just just want to cut out a
hole
here shift M
okay this we want it to be yeah about
25 and similarly with this
25 and we are just going to extrude this
uh
remove maybe
10 oh wait we want to actually or maybe
that's
fine do we want it to be a circle for
now for now I really we just got to get
some parts printed and start to see what
to improve cuz it's always the first
design that's so much harder than the
rest and
then this thing is going to be turning
this way so this is where we could um
and let's see how big is that little
Notch Aug and the augur takes two 20 mm
screws that are those are two of the
long ones you're going to thread them in
here and here before you do that look
down the center of this hole and make
sure that it looks clear you will see
little metal bits we have pre-installed
the square nuts now there's a chance
that they might shift we made this whole
nice and tight so they stay down on the
bottom so they should but just make sure
that when you look through this hole
kind of hard to see but you should be
able to see a little light through the
ho oh yeah I'm being a dumbass for some
reason I was I I just did not I don't
know why they really need two there I
feel like that's kind of
excessive um but yeah we will need
something like
that but instead of making it a cone
I might just make it
like but we could just try to recreate
this
what's up oh I'm about to get in the
shower right now oh yeah can I
join I'm try I'm finally tackling
designing this um the hopper the thing
that feeds the
darts and to to
doozy
yeah I uh I I I I sort of temper paused
doing that 3D reconstruction thing cuz
um I couldn't figure it out yet I
switched to onshape for it for like
scripting the Reconstruction and on
shape is way better than freead
but it's um my code keeps giving this
error and I post it on the form and this
guy that works it on shape gave me some
code to fix it and it doesn't fix it so
I replied but every time you post on the
community form someone has to approve it
so I'm sitting hereit waiting and I'm
like I'm not going to wait around for
this
yeah so what are you going to do well he
he'll I mean it'll get a a approved and
he'll reply and at that point then I'll
finish the code but I don't want to just
like wait around for
it yeah what about you what's up how is
uh how's
Debbie um she's fine for the most part
she's just having like shooting pain oh
no in the area that they it on but um
yeah nothing much I went for a swim and
I read my book no uh no out of the blue
cramps and
spasms no I swam last night and I swam
this morning and no cramps luckily nice
yeah what are you doing for the rest of
the day I am going to try to get some
some of these parts
printed and then they just going to go
to
class oh yeah I forgot you have class
today yeah I'm a student I'm no longer a
neat I'm no
longer a a neat
incel my
favorite um
so yeah I uh I luckily I found a product
that uh this person makes like Nerf Nerf
blasters like custom products that shoot
Nerf uh like the the Nerf rival rounds
the things that I have and he has this
super cool design for this Hopper where
it has it has two Motors in it one is
this motor that has a propeller on it
that like sucks the balls
through uh the hose and feeds them to
the to the
actual uh uh
shooter and then a second motor that
like agitates the container that stores
like 500 rounds and what's so cool about
this vacuum thing is that then you can
have the Blaster of like the hose goes
up like the blast the the shooter itself
is above the container and it will still
pull them all the way through the hose
which I think is
crazy uh so I'm not going to do that I'm
just going to say okay the uh the
container has to be above the uh
shooter well I can't wait to see
anything um I am gonna take a shower
right now I'm like I don't know yeah I
feel I'm just standing here naked next
to the show
send a
pick no I
just yeah
yeah but I'll call you later all right
cool call me later I don't yeah I will
see okay bye see you
later all right so yeah let's just try
to model this I
mean the thing is it does look like okay
it does look like the motor that he uses
for this is smaller so that's why this
thing looks smaller but effectively the
design
is let's see we're going to do
this so we need this to
be then we could do something like this
so wait so we only want this to be like
five right this how big how big did we
make this
76 because we wanted we wanted a 70
here wait um let's so we wanted to do so
s
normal
70 wait is that is that right that looks
a little thick okay so then we do this
and we extrude this by 50
right wait is it actually 50 or are we
just Clowning
Around okay but let's just get it right
so then this and then this is going to
be
um well let's see how big do we make our
gear hubs so if we go to this this
probably has
it this doesn't have it we need the
bottom does this have the gear on it no
okay bottom
assembly so
open open open open open switch to
okay
so yeah see we have all these parameters
stored in here we never fixed that why
isn't this okay there we go 25 yeah we
made it 25 we might as well make it
25 I mean it's basically a gear it just
happens to have one thing on it so okay
wait we're going to rename this to be
Hopper
assembly okay so now we have the augur
okay so we want to add the augur let's
just add wait let's just do
this this
25 uh then we we want
to do this oh wait and this is going to
be shaft
hole no come on shaft oh yeah we don't
have a dude stepper shaft hole how hard
is
that is there really no 5
stepper shaft
hole stepper
shaft plus plus
stepper shaft clearance all
right okay so this is going to
be stepper
hole okay now this gets extruded remove
up to
next okay so and then we do need to
worry about these
um oh yeah yeah we have to worry about
the counter sync sunk
um fasteners
but okay whatever so now we want to go
here and we want to extrude this by so
let's think about this if this is
sitting on the top
of oh why is this so slow if this is
sitting on the top of this
dude I feel like I'm going to have to go
through so many revisions of this and
it's like so over engineered like this
is going to take so long to
print I mean look at this 120 D but
whatever whatever
um so wait let's just add this thing in
here yeah so it's going to be if that's
sitting on top of
that and this needs to be so
wait from here to here is 21 then minus
3 so we need to make this 18
okay so the shaft should end right there
so let's um add this to the assembly
wait oh wait
so it's like this but actually what we
want
is oh but actually what we want
is we we we'll need to fix it fix that
so that
it's it's
fastened is that is that just what they
call it yeah yeah yeah it's fastened
to okay so let's just change this so
instead
of these
it needs to be to the
stepper wait is this the part okay so
it's this wait what the
hell yeah it's this and it's the
stepper so let's hide
this is that going to work oh that see
okay so we need wait we could just do
this minus 18 so we're going to do
this and
this then we need an offset of
Z
18 is that right
and this part we need to
fix okay and then this this should be
revolute right
yeah we can have room for the cables
actually yeah we'll have room but I
guess we do need to make like kind of a
notch or
something I don't know how I'm going to
do
that what the heck was that okay so now
this doesn't seem quite right
can we get a
crosssection uh P wait why can't I get
the
P's section
planes can I just select
[Music]
this oh [__]
I'm absolutely I'm absolutely
soaked lost my ice I lost my
Lao all right it's fine
um so yeah actually what is the distance
between this fa oh [__] wait
what's the difference between um this
face and this
face cuz what we could
do on the
augur is just
add we could just make this uh what 5.4
+
6 and we could just extrude uh this
by do we have like a socket head depth
is that what we mean
depth so what are they I think
they're so this will mess with our
mate is it weird that I feel guilty
about wasting this
ice
okay so um I
think wait why didn't it do it socket
head
depth okay so then this is now the mate
so we need to now adjust
this wait but it hasn't updated yet oh
yeah I forgot about this wait what do
you
do what do you do you have to
update I forgot but I remember yeah I
remember that it does doesn't
automatically
update uh on shape
update Parton
assembly the blue white update wait is
there just an
update alt C
update it's gray out but it's
like for
create a new version is that what I'm
supposed to
do yeah I don't know how we get that
in
here do I just have to
replace no
what that did not even update St
it what the
hell I honestly don't understand how
you're supposed to do this without doing
it
again but so we want the mate to be here
now and we don't
actually and we want to hit it
on let's see I guess it's actually going
to be on
here but we want it to
be I think that distance
is okay so let's do this but I'm almost
positive that this is
21 let's
see no that looks like some of oh maybe
it's
22 let me just
check so if we hide this part the
distance between here and here is 22
okay perfect
perfect so we don't actually have to
make it that tall we just need to put
the
um I don't understand though why it
doesn't whatever okay so let's just do
this
part so wait can we also look at the
crosssection so this is not touching the
ground which honestly is like completely
fine I
think how do we get that section view to
be how do we modify the section
view oh wait oh you do you do
wait
what oh okay
yeah so this is where that Gap
is so that's probably where we want to
be so these cables will come down this
is screwed in here like that we probably
want to give it a little bit more room
here but then that means we want to
parameterize that off set for
sure um and then we're going to need
this we could just make this less
high but I just want to get something
done so
This Not That this let's make this
uh yeah we'll have to do a second pass
here but if I do this then I switch to
here it's not oh it is updated isn't it
I don't know why that that little
feature there didn't get
updated
um but so I want to
actually it's so annoying how you have
to do this every
time but let's just do it so you sketch
here you uh make a line it's a
construction line
yeah we'll make it
five we'll do uh should we do
M5 the height of this is what is
14 oh I wish I could just
know so this one was 25
and oh this is also
14 so this is like I wish I could just
copy all of that geometry but I can't
um but that's
okay or I probably can I don't know
so it's okay we're just going to draw a
rectangle like this this is going to be
the M
oh oops
M5 uh this is going to be the depth
right
and then we want the flats distance here
so this is going to be M5
Flats then this and this oh
wait this and this are going to be shift
end okay so that's great and now all we
need to do is we need to extrude this
down by the whack
right I'm pretty sure we need to extrude
this down by the
whack oops
is that
right maybe that's not
right no no no no it it is right it is
right but let's look at
this so if we do this to here that's
9.3 so can we just go to that
feature bo bo bo okay so we want
this this went down by
seven how did we calculate that seven
though it's kind of
weird okay whatever I'll do seven as
well I'm pretty sure that's like the
midpoint or something so you take this
and this is
seven okay now we want to do the hole
or now we want to do the wait do you do
the hole or then the
um oh seven is the Hub depth over
two oh yeah there you
go I hate that we made all these
variables in the
um I feel like maybe I did copy them
over let's see if
well I don't really care this is the
first draft um but so yeah so we did
this then you do the circle the hole and
then you do the uh and then you mirror
okay great so we're going to sketch on
here we're going to draw a
circle that's going to be an M5 hole
right M5
hole we don't have an M5
hole the hell dude that's the thing is
it's so so wild so this is 5.4 that's
our m
okay then we ex take this and you right
click and you do select
other then you extrude this uh remove
symmetric not second end
position so which way is
which how do we
see this one we're going to make five
okay nice and this one we can make yeah
25 or we can make
it perfect okay now that we have that we
want to make another sketch on
here wait did we do it okay and we
uh wait I don't know if I have this
right we're going to do this
sketch and now we want to
take there's a secret point in
here what do you do
this how the heck do you get
this wait am I I am sketching on the
right
plane I feel like I did this in the
wrong
order how the heck do you select
that so I want to look at this
sketch oh wait we just got to hit that
concentric okay wait so let's do uh
polygon circumscribe
polygon there we go now we want to do
this oh
[__]
okay and we want to do
this and we want to hit that corner and
we want to do a shift
M and we want to take this and oops not
that face but not that face but select
other
face
of wait is it
that it's not that
maybe it is
that and then you extrude it with a
remove
um up to face and then you select this
face did that
work okay cool I think that's it so now
we just need to do our mirror oops not a
not a sketch but a
mirror we want to mirror entities to
mirror is a feature mirror it's this
Extrusion this
Extrusion this Extrusion and this
Extrusion I believe is that one right
what is this one maybe not that
one and the mirror plane is going to be
this all right cool
so yeah so that should have been updated
here right yeah
cool all
right so the issue here is that if we
take this face and we take this face our
distance uh our distance Min distance is
19 which is like way
to uh way too small they won't fit in
there so we're going to go back to
Hopper
here and so let's just make this
35 okay now if we go to the hopper
assembly and we look at this to
this our mist is 24 which is pretty
good so now our stepper motor will and
then we need to when in the augur now we
need we're going to make a tangent plane
I don't think we did a tangent plane
here so we're going to do
plane tangent
plane or actually do we even want that
no I think we I think what we want to do
is we want to sketch on the front
here and we want to can we do we get
this
line we want to draw let's just draw
some lines so let's do this you do we
get
that I forgot how we get
this like this is the weird thing about
use is you don't get this oh but you
know what you do get you take
this and then you just draw the line
yourself okay so now what we want is
um just like
um just say it goes at like
20 all right but all of these
oh wait do we do a tiny revolve is that
how you do
it or do I just extrude it
but of course see that's like so
dumb I mean what we could do is we could
just
take we turn off oh yeah wait hold
on first off let's do this so this needs
to be
Nerf diameter Plus 1.5 that's what he
said
oh wait
what
[Music]
this we just say this is
three and then what is still of this we
say that this is
20 we need to fix this extrude to be an
ad yeah but the problem is it
doesn't
[Music]
yeah I always it's it's always so much
harder working with curves than it is
with
um it's always so much harder working
curves
so okay wait instead of doing this can
we try to do a very small res revolve so
if the diameter is what is the diameter
here
76 Okay so
let's revolve shift okay so
uh we're going to take this profile oh
wait shift W revolve axis is going to be
this and then we don't want full we
want yes symmetric and revolve angle to
be like
five that sounds that seems perfect
right and this is an ad
so that seems good how many do they have
in the actual thing they have probably
six 20 mm on
both yeah so now all we have to do is
and look at his his are short and
stubbier and they're
also they have a better
geometry but I'm just trying to get a
general thing that I can print
out um and so this is definitely bigger
so wait let's just um
okay let's make this like six let's
actually delete let's actually delete
this line we're going to go like
this we're going to we're going to
change this we're going to delete this
and we're going to say this and this are
coincident so this is going to be
three or let's make that
two we'll probably have to print this
with supports uh so now what's wrong
with this oh yeah we don't have a
distance on here so I feel like 14 is
actually pretty
good that that looks a lot closer to
what he has here I don't like that it
tapers out like that but
like kind of hate
that yeah what I should have done
actually instead let's let's undo the
revolve let's edit the sketch so that
instead of this being coincident to this
thing wait can we get the normal okay
how do we select
other is
it face Edge Let's delete
this and okay wait let's just delete the
whole
thing all right so we want like a line
that goes like sort of behind this thing
then I don't know how we got an arc
there but so we're going to go out to
here
and it's going to go up and it's going
to go like this and so here to
here let's just make it like one right
and then let's make uh not this but the
distance from here to here be 14
15 and then let's uh let's see what's
wrong with this that's that so first we
need this to is it going to be that it's
actually not going to be that because
this is raised up a little bit so we
need to figure that out so this is wrong
but it's going to be yeah let's just say
it's
Nerf let's just say it's
Nerf okay and
then
this yeah just say it's
two let's say that this is six okay now
we're good on that now what we want to
do is we want to extrude it and we want
to do a symmetric Extrusion of
2.5 so that looks way better so let's
just uh do that and we're going to
delete this and then we're going to do a
circular pattern of a feature and we're
going to select this Extrusion and the
axis is going to be around this and we
want six of
them
wait wait what
wait what the hell oh I I I can't I did
the wrong one okay
it's what is
[Music]
this yeah it's that and then the axis of
pattern is around this and we have six
of them
okay but actually wait before we do
that we're going to roll this
back and we're going to take
this
this the oh and this and we're going to
fillet
it so they're a little bit
stronger and then we're going to go down
here and then we just when we do this
we're also going to pattern The
Fill awesome so
um okay so then let's look at the
assembly so what I want to know is the
height from this
face to this face
26 so that's a little bit more clearance
than they had but honestly I kind of
just want to print this uh the only
thing that's left I feel like that we
haven't done is that small okay well
wait there's
probably first off there's nothing
there's no features
for actually mounting a thing in here so
maybe we want to add like
a we could add like a tapered cone
shaped thing that we can screw in from
the side so we'll probably need holes
around
this
um and then I guess the end of that big
plastic thing was
uh was threaded but I don't know about
that and then I'm not like entirely in
love with this random cutout Square I
feel like this not going to work
um but I just want to oh wait did we
already have this what is
this I feel like that's nothing so let's
delete this let's look at
this okay and we're going to be going
clockwise so all we want to do is make a
line out to
like here
what's wrong with
this that's just constrained by
this which we could just make it two
let's make it
three uh and then what else this
distance this distance we can make
yeah 24 sounds good cuz his didn't go
all the way and then we just extrude
this to uh we can't do 25 but we could
do we could do 20 we could do 15
though that prevent them from
going and then yeah this is Gang This is
a gangly looking I don't really know
how we want to do this but I kind of
want to just see if we can get any
semblance of a hopper working so we
might as well just
um let's look at the whole
assembly without the section
View and then the other problem is we
don't really have a way of mounting this
at
all um
the thing is this this part was the
bottom part the hopper is what I'm
calling the hopper is
um connected to some larger stuff but
I'm let's figure that
out I mean we could just have some
holes right we could just make some
holes so
like so should we just do an I mean this
thing isn't going to go under that much
force so let's just do m4s
wait 4.2 that's too small dude I feel
like we changed our clearance on
that I don't want to recompute a whole
bunch of stuff but that doesn't seem
right I'm just going to do
4.4 anyways let's make the distance from
here to here um yeah let's just do 50
that seems
good and then we're going to extrude
this remove
to
next and then we are just going to make
um let's just do four of them I feel
like there's no need to go further than
that but this just gives us some future
proofing in that
like we could put it into some sort of
Base I don't know what that's going to
be but so now let's just do a circular
pattern of a feature my features this
Extrusion and this axis is going to
be this and four of them that seems
perfect but actually the problem with
this is we don't have
the well I honestly I feel like all we'd
have to do like it won't change anything
is if we just made
this like
seven and then we also
M4 socket
head
o and then we just made this so we we
did this we roll back before this we
take this
oops uh we look at this sket wait not
that sketch this
sketch not this sketch we take this
proof out and we extrude it
remove and this is going to be socket
head M4 socket head
depth that seems pretty good and then
all you have to do now is take is roll
this forward take this uh features to
pattern also this
Extrusion great and now it's um
now it's like attachable and it's not
going to interfere with the balls the
balls and then maybe we should fill it
this a little
bit I feel like that's probably a good
idea maybe like a 10 mil fill
it cuz then there's some
gravity my concern is that
cuz see the the interesting thing for me
was this part let's see he he once he
presses
Itor I've got this set a little little
too low most of the way back it out and
line it up to this all the way
down you should feel it Snapp and there
should be a pretty obvious you're at the
base you also can know that you are have
done it correct in that the ball should
roll freely all the way around and there
should be a millimeter and a half above
approximately a millimeter and a half if
you want to get specific above the
actual thing um and I think it is domed
actually I think the I think it does
look like a bowl so we should
probably do the same
which means
that oops what does it look
like yeah so how do you do that you need
to
let's go to the
um so we did this we did
this cuz see this is lipped up actually
oops
this is lipped up this is no good
and I really I like
this did he show one falling through it
I think he did and there should be uh a
millimeter and a half above
approximately a millimeter and a half if
you want to get specific above the
actual thing um see how it just rolls
out and a half if you want to get
specific above the actual thing um yeah
it's just like barely out of frame and
uh if you want to get specific above the
actual thing um
okay
wait should we just change that
feature so wait this is this might not
even fit here now that I've made this
thicker what is how do we select this
Extrusion dude on shape is actually
sick right so this
actually uh we need to we need to delete
this
is this midpoint it it it it it is
wait what happened here
I don't really know what's up with
that okay
dude is anyone going to ever approve my
thing dude I wrote a reply to this and
they haven't approved it it's so
annoying
okay you are good to go on that note of
Lio safety make sure you are using a
lipo alarm make sure you read all of the
care instructions for LiPO batteries and
please be careful with them and store
them properly and take it hobby you
better learn how to do this so again we
have two versions just keep that in mind
going forward this is the proton pack
feeder this is the uh core to everything
there is to run this system it can feed
20 rounds a second for forever as long
as you have the capacity of balls to
hold as many as you would like uh the
base system includes a battery base and
the body along with the snorkel top
which we'll get to in a moment the
impeller the blower it will come with
seven of these clips and then optional
adapters starting off with mounting your
container there are several ways to do a
container the first is that we are going
to offer a 1gallon container which when
you factor in the capacity of the hose
which is about 20 rounds this holds 450
including the hose when mounted to the
unit the containers themselves are
connected with interchangeable rings and
we've got a couple options the first is
a 1gallon ring this connects to that
same 1gallon cap 450 round container now
you can order it pre the container from
us pre-cut with this preglued on here
that's an option at checkout you also
can order just the ring by itself if you
want pick up your own container and save
a little on shipping or whatever um
should you want to go with a larger
container we've created just a flat
plate glue on with a little bit of
texture here to help actually keep the
uh container easily glued onto your
surface and so what You' want to do is
just simply trace this into your desired
container and then cut a hole and glue
it very very simple these attach onto
the feed unit just by a little twist
lock and then after you twist them in
place there are two set screws on the
ends which just simply stop it from
rotating they don't need to be over
tightens just pretty simple um screw on
lock in place connector at the core of
the whole system is this base Hopper
unit and this is the feed system along
with the blower housing and the outlet
for your uh balls and your hose uh on
the base we've used brass inserts and on
the top brass inserts we think this is a
nice polished look and they're easy for
you to deal with when you get them so
there's no need to install these these
will come pre-installed when you get
your unit next you've got your lid the
lid's got two options you can use it as
is just like that or you can choose to
use the snorkel now the snorkel is a two
kece part that simply goes on top of
here and will allow you to to connect
this to the same hose as the same type
of Hose as the actual feeder hose and
allow you get air in assuming that
you're putting this in an enclosed space
like a backpack this part is the
impeller this is the core to the entire
system because this is what actually
blows the air and pumps enough pressure
into your system we tested this
extensively to get the maximum
performance out of this design and uh it
can push quite a bit of air enough to
power the proton pack to push 4T of
balls straight up vertically next you've
got the augur the augur is uh what
actually impels the balls and makes sure
that they are feeding in correctly and
uh that's fairly simple cover that in a
tutorial there are hose Clips included
these hose Clips will keep the actually
does it look
domed I can't tell if it actually looks
domed or
not see that
Ridge these hlips will keep the wire
connected cleanly to your hose that way
they but like okay
[Music]
let's see what I want to
do all right let's make a new I just
want to make a totally new document and
I just want to toy around with some
stuff and this is just going to be like
a
helical Hopper so what I'm thinking here
is okay let's just start
with
wait so you have this which is 75 or
something and then you have this which
is like
130 okay and then what we want here is
first off these get extruded by uh
three okay and then oh wait do we get to
continue extruding this I guess we can
uh so this is from the base and this is
going to
be so actually wait um
is Helix a
um create a helix or Chronicle
cylindrical face Helix wait so
uh so it's
this okay
okay so I think I get it we only need
one
turn wait and it's not going to be in
condition end
point wait
we actually want this to be
counterclockwise right because it's
highest
here no no no we want it to be
clockwise
um but we don't want it to be the
whole turns start condition
how do I
so right so this is the end so this is
where we need to make the
um that's going to be the outlet
right so then from
[Music]
here uh this goes around becomes that so
there's going to be the little wall here
and then I don't know how
to is there way a partial Helix this
thing okay well let's just
um how do we do this we want
to I mean like if we take
a what's a standard
thread the these aren't modeled though
are
[Music]
they does it actually model it I don't
think it does
[Music]
hello everybody and welcome back to the
YouTube channel today a kind of tutorial
camera talking about CAD how do you
actually solid model 3D model threads
for your STL files and your other
objects you're going to create in CAD
we're in on today and you can't use a
call out when you're actually 3D
printing you need the physical 3D model
threads TR how to create those so let's
open C and follow the
int okay so here we are in on shape and
we're going to start out by creating a
sketch on the top plane we're going to
use the circle tool and I'm starting at
the origin this will become a little
clear later um but it makes things a bit
simpler when you're doing the actual 3D
mod of the threads I'm my
cylinder okay so if you look at this we
basically
want
um oh cool wait so now can I just go
into here dude someone freaking
responded me
bro okay wait so let's delete both of
these I don't even think that this is
actually going to do what I
want pitch we want the pitch to be maybe
mm and then we want number of starts
fully threaded number of turns we want
it to go from the bottom
though number of turns
two yes so wait how can
I I like the start tape so okay but this
isn't the actual profile we
want let me try to think about
this how do you
I mean it has to be with Helix I mean
Helix is clearly all right let's just
try to uh yeah okay that's fine let's
Helix
this okay then we're going to do a
sketch on here
we're just going to
do see don't we want to do it here okay
so this is we're at this end point so we
want to do let's just make
a okay it doesn't really matter so we're
going to take this and we're going to do
a sweep of this profile it's going to be
an ad and the sweep path is going to be
this whole thing
so see this is kind of what we want
right I don't know why it's transparent
actually but um maybe that's just cuz
it's wait is it trans no it's
not okay wait so let's uh let's try this
what we're going to do is here instead
of 25 we are going to make this five
okay and then this Helix we want to say
the
pitch and how do I specify the pitch
Target pitch the pitch is going to be
five and let's see do we get we don't
get a single thread
here
um this thing does not do anything for
me I don't know what that's about let's
make the let's make the uh let's make
the Pitch
Four you see we don't get anything
oh wait yeah we do there it
is okay
so yeah why don't we make it a
10 and then this should recompute and
now we have one full wait no we have
wait
what let's make this Helix 10
now okay I feel like we get pretty much
one full turn it goes
from yeah there you go okay wait now we
want this
sketch but what we actually want is
let's
delete
this
what okay what we we actually
want is just a
rectangle it goes out to
here and we want
this this could be
two and this could be uh we want this to
be 25
right 30 I don't know but so now if we
take this sweep and I couldn't find this
so we just select this
right okay see
now we just want to make this a little
bit taller I don't really understand
this pitch thing though because it's
like
uh well what if we just make this
12 something going to go Haywire
does it tell me the angle since they're
not on the same it would be cool if it
was able to tell me the angle
actually um
[Music]
so this is probably better though right
like now the question is that you still
need the flat base what is the actual
diameter of
this to this is 130 and this is
oops
75 65 minus oh 75 that's kind of an
annoying number
right
37.5 oh what the
hell uh 65 - 37 .5 is
27.5 so now we just need to when we do
this sketch this needs to be
27.5 and how the hell is that oh maybe
it
is can we use
this yes so wait let's delete this and
now we have it
okay great
that's pretty cool and then I wonder if
we can just extrude this
add up to
next or up to face can we do this this
probably won't work because it's not
oh wait up to next does is up to next
that
Dynamic see that's the weird thing is
that like I want to fill
in the stuff under it how do you do
that is this at and this is going to be
at an angle right I mean not that it
matters but there's all sorts of little
things that make this weird but I feel
like this has to be a better design like
cuz now the balls well the only thing
though is
that dude I really wonder if they do
this I wish they would release CAD files
okay it's clearly rounded
here and they probably just make it
rounded gosh I wish they showed me just
a little bit better of
a just slightly
better what it actually looks
like okay but it does sort of look like
there's like a tangency
here so instead of drawing on the the
center of the tangent plane they um
they um oh wait can
we honestly I'm like so tempted to just
print out the this thing and just see
how it
works dude this I mean these parts are
just terrible though you ever seen
someone design such garbage
[__] it dude let's send it I want to
order the
pcbs but honestly that breadboard stuff
is pretty adequate
I wonder if they ever made my diode I
feel like they never got back to me on
that
um okay so it's just two
parts this part is a total mess though
you I'm going to have to print this this
way
down and hopefully we can get it with no
support but
like that's actually impossible because
of this
spacer wait what if we could we do it
from the we could do it from the other
side right we could
do doesn't even need to be three could
be two anyways this just needs to be
four right
is that
right and then we could
take whatever this
feature and just delete
it
oops what program was I using where I
had to keep saving I think it was in my
class wait hold
on oh wait but I deleted the feature on
the mate
uh okay wait can
we all right so can I move this oh wait
m i just move this thank God okay so
what we want
here is to
join this
to technically we need to join it to
here but I'm just going to do it
to here
and then let's just delete let's just
delete
this
great okay now let's get our section
View
yeah the slope I feel like would be
really good but
um and I'm kind of worried that these
aren't going to really fit to be
honest what is why is this like so thick
why is that
five there's no reason for that to be
five this whole thing can be way thinner
this is seven just literally because the
counter boore but that's a counter
syncing
um
uh and I guess you kind of need
standoffs or whatever you need needs a
channel for the wires but
honestly this is a first draft okay
so oh yeah but wait we still need to
figure out
cuz this
is 125 and this is
131 what we want to know
is how we are going to add the container
and whether or not we even
have an appropriately set cuz I don't
want to print a container one it won't
be transparent which is like not nearly
as nice
but so let's just think about how this
would work if we take the distance from
this face to this face we get
15 so what I'm thinking is uh we have a
tangent plane on the o on the hopper
somewhere
right so why don't we draw a sketch on
here let's say
we'll make it a um M4 hole and then what
do we just want to put a hex nut on the
other side or do we want to uh cuz this
isn't thick enough for a threaded
insert threaded insert would be really
nice but do we want to I don't really
want to increase
the no I'm fine with an I'm fine with a
nut on this I I don't really
care so we're going to take this
wait what's wrong with this we need to
make the distance from here to here be
let's just say it's um
7.5 that seems good and then we're going
to take this extrude it and then the
annoying thing is that a
remove up to next fails on curved
surfaces which I feel like it shouldn't
and I don't know why it does
but um whatever we're going to do a
blind and and we'll just I mean that's
fine well let's let's make it like
10 so that it doesn't hit anything just
in
case uh
great actually we should be able to make
it just five okay now we just want a
circular pattern that and let's just
take uh this
feature axis of pattern this and then
we'll put just four of
them and so then uh let's make a new
part we'll just design this just so that
we can have an idea of what it looks
like on here I think that they actually
did a
um a
chamfer let's make it
a 2 mil champ or wait actually can we
make it a what is the width of the
thing three let's make it a three so
where was that chamfer so we're going to
take this chamfer
three do we even want that I mean it's
nice but like do we even want
that wait how do
I do I just go to my own
yeah
okay okay so let's just not do a chamfer
I don't really care about the chamfer
but what I do care about is we are going
to need something that is slightly
smaller than
125 but it does need to be kind of
snug all right so let's make a new part
and we're going to call this uh Hopper
container okay so uh sketch so uh this
is going to be
124.5 probably is that enough
clearance that's like uh that's like
[Music]
that's going to
be minus
124.5 is that what I
said let's just make
it let's make it
24 we are really playing fast and loose
with this I'll probably have to redesign
everything but so here uh that's the
that's the ID right or wait that's the
no that's the
OD so then here we want to just make
this like this like
this and so this is going to be like 10
right and then we're going to make a
plane tangent select this okay then
we're going to make a sketch on here I
hate that
and then we're just going to make it
does it matter where we make
it this is going entirely into the thing
and then it's going to come it's going
to bulb back
out
so wait what am I
doing so in here on this sketch
we made
it yes so the top of that is going to
match the top of this and wait what what
the
hell where is the sketch there it is all
right so it's 7.5
down wait so then we'll need to make
that a little bit taller because the
bottom of that if we select this and we
do max
distance it's 9.6 so we want to make it
it we could just make it
15 does that make did that make anything
bigger no Okay cool so we're going to
take this we're going to draw a circle
here it's going to be
a M4
hole and then on the interior of this is
going to be a hex nut but uh oh Jesus
dude this where okay is there something
that searches all of my all of my parts
us and stuff for the usage of
this that would be so
useful a feature script thing that just
searches so that you cuz this can't be
cuz we got to change this 4.2 is too
small I'm going to do M4 whole two
that's just the cringiest stuff ever but
I don't really care so here give me M4
Hole
2 and same
here
okay
7.5
extrude
remove five
Circle
feature
okay so now what we want to do though is
oh do we actually have enough room here
so so let's do just like a basic revolve
so we're going to sketch on
here and we're going to do like
um can I can I take both of these and do
a
u okay so we're going to do a
line I just have it Go just have it go
out like this
okay and we are just going to do a
revolve of this whole profile
[Music]
around this
axis what happens if we do it on the
inner
axis it's the same thing right
okay cool oops not that so now in our
Hopper assembly we want to insert
this uh hop
container okay and then we want this so
we're going to do
mate oh bro it's so why does everyone
get this wrong wait if I click on this
can I can I modify this
point yeah no this is no good
how do I get it oh wait there it is okay
we want
that and we
want so it's the outside of that and the
inside of
this
wait let's do it
again so you got to come in
here there we
go and the inside of
this that
right okay now the question is from here
wait why why is
this from here to
there Min distance of 20 see this is
going to this is not going to work so we
need
to this is
why this is why doing these first draft
sucks cuz then you always have to do the
real the real one
[Music]
after what we could do actually
though what does that save us that saves
us three Ms which is
enough is if we design it
uh where it's on the outside and it has
a
lip what does that look like that looks
like it goes up like this it has a
little thing like this so it sits
down trying to figure that out
what I mean the thing about this is that
then you don't need the lip cuz it just
automatically sits in there which is
really
nice honestly we could print that I mean
just to get a sense of
it all right so let's
just should we just start
over I feel like I a pretty good sense
the only thing that I don't like still
is this Outlet I really
dislike and then I don't like that
there's no there's no gravity pulling
the balls actually to this
Outlet which we have
here um I just don't
know
like oh you know what we could do
no I was thinking of just making the the
sketch profile really thick but then
it's going to go down too
low I we could just do another cut where
we just draw a big circle and cut
everything let's try that let's try that
so we have this sweep we want this
sketch and we want
this we're going to delete this we're
going to say that this point and this
point are
collinear and we're going to do it again
right then we're going to draw a sketch
on
here or actually we're just going to
extrude this it's a remove it's this
[Music]
way selected tools and targets don't
intersect
oh wait it's GNA okay wait can we just
okay can we do
this wait we're going to we're going to
select this we're going to sketch on
here we're going to draw a
circle okay now we're going to take I
wonder if I can I just hide this wait
let's do this can I hide this you can't
hide sweeps it's kind of
weird there's got to be a way to take
this whole okay wait we're selecting the
whole thing can we
just
remove through
all the other way
there we
go that's
perfect that's exactly how we want
it so maybe we'll do
that you do a helix with a big you do a
helix with a big
um Pitch
the only issue is that now we need to
make sure that
the agitator is from this
point so the clearance here
from from yeah from this has to be 25
above that and what is
the yeah what is the distance between
here and
here crap wait no wait what is the here
and here
nine yeah that kind of tricks
out should we try to do
this tangential
thing I'm like I'm like right clicking
to try to uh pan around this thing it's
so funny
once you have CAD tools you just want to
use
them
um so I feel like that profile looks
like a
the thing
is I don't really understand where the
air flow goes but I think that it's
largely the
airflow how does the airflow thing work
did they show that in
their bro can someone please respond to
me I really want to do this
um build guide oh it's
here the wire isn't flopping around and
uh tangling next we've got the battery
base this is in two parts and the soas
we chaos rewire your blaster to use this
and you don't have to change your
blaster you simply plug that xt60
connector in and it power adaps and we
is the same hose and it's a 90 next we
have a double swivel which is a 90
swivel that can swivel like this and
dude I love those swivels man I want to
I want to make a swivel thing this
direction the double the 90 de with the
extra swivel is included with the Peres
due to the orientation of the ball Inlet
on that Blaster so all of these are one
of these is included with each adapter
so keep that in mind but you can buy
these separately as
well moving on to the adapters
themselves one of the more popular
options is the Jupiter this is the
Jupiter adapter it's got a nice swivel
in the back again these swivels clamp
right under the hose there's no put your
screw back in there and the X mag Wells
for printing you want my great set Parts
du
Toc and requ phenomenal and you got a
nice swivel connection your hose coming
out of there and you are basically good
to go when it comes to the prot on pack
for those going a little more DIY route
I did make a little bolt-on connector
this has got four screw holes and a
simple twist that you could use as sort
of a DIY method if you're going to bolt
this onto some existing feed just gives
you a good not available this so sick
man does he show how is PCB so this is
the uh
core to everything there
is I don't really understand this vacuum
part of this run this system it can feed
20 rounds a second for forever as long
as you have the capacity of balls
[Music]
to and get right to it we're going to
start here by assembling the motors and
getting them installed so we're going to
take our base plate and flip that upside
down and we're going to take our
brushless motor here we're going to
unthread this it's worth noting this is
backwards threaded because it tightens
on itself there's one large hole down in
here which these wires need to thread
through it's the largest hole hole
that's in here it should be fairly
obvious because once you shove it inside
it'll come out right there and hopefully
that's pretty understandable there's
nothing to do wrong here so you're just
getting that lined up then you're going
to flip this back over and hold this
with your finger and you're going to
take your four black screws and install
them in the four holes there now because
this motor moves around a lot and has a
tremendous amount of torque we are going
to recommend that you put thread Locker
on it um I'm already going to abandon
using this little 2.5 mil there's
nothing wrong with doing this I've just
done enough of these and I don't want
the video to take longer to film I'm
going to go ahead and use my actual um
driver tool uh another tip here is that
we use these slipper clutch ones so if
you ever do get one of exactly where we
want because start by putting them in
here
aesthetically this is also way
nicer should I go the extra mile to try
to freaking to try to to try to do this
I mean
those this I feel like I don't want to
do
that viate themselves Loose as you using
this and there we have it so that's the
install of that you can then pass these
wires down through under this little
wire
Channel and that's just enough to keep
that out of your way
later just like that and you can tuck
those in for now but we're going to flip
back around we're going to take our gear
motor and we're going to put that up
through the center pretty obvious only
it's got a little bit of play left or
right due to how the design tapers on
the actual motor but once you get that
in you're good there after you've got
that motor inside I recommend setting
this on the base here so you're not
scraping anything but you will need to
start at least one screw to get this
going um each of these should get a
little bit of locktite so you can
uh put a little thread Locker on there
lock TI's a brand you may hear me use
them interchangeable but it's all thread
Locker we've got a couple options on the
site and then if you want to avoid
damaging your tabs it's kind of nice to
just set this on the base there because
that's that's design for dude I wish I
could like turn up the
brightness you can't really tell what's
going on I'm go ahead and get the other
six Motors put
in damn they're
4K will that work if I try to zoom into
it once I got them all in I'm going to
tighten them up just make sure that
they're good you can hear my little um
clutch actually engaging there making
sure that I'm not putting too much
torque on
them so after we've got those two
installed those Motors are ready to go
the locktite is not totally
NE itself Loose as it's working and
working and working and grinding and
pushing through balls and whatnot next
we're going to install our blower this
is the actual blower fan and you're
going to want to line up these two tabs
here on the inside with two notches it
doesn't matter which two notches a
little circle line up basically that
little Gap right there or that little
Gap right there on both sides with the
little little tiny dots that are there
and it doesn't have to be quite perfect
but there is just a general alignment
because then it'll seat and Lock And if
you feel it kind of Click at the end
you've done it right and there's another
indicator here that'll tell you've done
it right I like to just hold the nut and
spin
this clockwise from this perspective and
then you're going to take your either 8
mm wrench or again you could just grab
on here with a larger pliers and make
that work as well and you're going to
tighten it further and you can do this
just by spinning the actual holding this
in place and spinning you'll feel it get
tighter that's when you know you're good
the top of that shaft is just barely
maybe 1 millim going to break the
surface of that nut that's when you know
you've got that right you can give that
a few spins and it should feel nice and
smooth I'm trying to keep the build
order here fairly specific and the
reasoning for this is that if you don't
do it in the right order um you'll end
up fighting components more than you
would like so next we're going to move
on to the fan cover and the snow I just
don't understand the airf flow I wish
You' explain that orle now the fan cover
has two methods of operation the first
is you can simply pop this in and take
two of your 10 mm screws and screw them
in and you're done this is great if
you're going to have this
external all right um have a fair amount
they can take a amount of force but
don't go drilling on them with a power
drill or something like that they might
cause you some issues
next we're going to move on to soldering
so before we install this Aug we're
actually going to flip this upside down
and work this shaft does go above the
flat base here so you're going want to
find maybe two pieces of wood or two
pieces of anything that you can set this
on if you don't have that you also okay
so I think the best solution here is to
use this
helical thing we're going to start from
scratch
again cuz now I feel like I got a rough
draft um
I mean honestly this seems good enough
the only thing is okay what's the height
from
here two here this is
so oh and then the other thing is
that we need to decrease this height
so okay let me get a hand drawing of
some of these Dimensions so the first
thing is this bottom plate which is just
flat then we have another plate here
this I don't know what this OD
is
because and then this thing we decided
on 70 right for this
one 60 7 oh no yeah
67 this is 67 due to a uh due to the
circumscribe uh circumscribe the uh
stepper
corner so that it'll fit in there and
then there's just a little bit of
clearance in
there looks like there's a lot of
clearance but there actually isn't like
if we were to rotate this
section analysis by 45
degrees you would see I feel like that
there's not that much
clearance yeah if we took this and
this there's 3 Ms
there maybe we could pull it in slightly
but I mean honestly that would be good
Pull It in
slightly so that's 67 from that then we
have
another then we have this
Helix so then the
Helix
on the base of
Hopper and that has a height of
10 so that means that's at
least how much
much
shorter oh but that means we can still
get these notches to be where we want
them we just have to shorten this part
of
it the
augur is
to avoid
Collision interference
oh and then one thing that we're missing
too is
um let's
um do you want to do that
H or no we have to do it
uh
actually for
n this is goofy as hell
man wait you can't
okay I don't
know I'm not sure how you get that fill
it but what we actually
want this is so dumb
that's 14 oh yeah that is 14
huh okay wait can we um all right can we
delete
this I want to I want to export these
and just see what the slicer
says oh wait actually you know what we
could do
that's a lot better all right so that's
cool oops we want to uh export this
as I don't know what the best one is I
always just go a step
so we're going to go to
3D ball shooter on
shape wait
what okay we have the augur
we have the
hopper let's open up bamboo and this
time I'm going to baby this
um this print just so that nothing weird
happens
um 3D ball shooter on
shape
wait why the hell did I do I always do
that
[Music]
let's see probably
wow that was a long slice
okay uh so let's just see what it's what
it
does for some reason this uh so slow
yeah so those were to be
expected
um yeah that's insane I feel
like what happens if we
it's going to complain to me but I don't
want wait what if I do a
um h
yeah that's no good we got to figure out
how to get rid of supports for that
bottom uh I sometimes a fill it will
some sometimes a fillet will get rid of
it but if we just do like a 3 mm fillet
here might interfere with the thing but
if we dude it's the most annoying thing
though is about
exporting it
just it just seems to take so
long I feel like it's still going to
complain though
what is his design
here why do it takes so long to load bro
it's this freaking 4K there's no way I
need this
I mean his design is quite
similar see before he puts it
in I guess there must be threaded
inserts down there or no you know what
the top of the motor probably
has yeah see the top of the motor has
the has
the enough to keep that out of your way
later
just like that and you can tuck those in
for now but we're going to flip back
around we're going to take our gear
motor and we're going to put that up to
the center should be pretty obvious only
it's got a little bit of play left or
right due to how the design tapers on
the actual motor but once you get that
in you're good there after you've got
that motor inside I recommend setting
this on the base here so you're not
scraping anything but you will need to
start at least one screw to get this
going
um
okay um
let's see here what could we
do well
okay bro someone please please respond
to
me
okay and
then in there is
um lift it up okay
so M the main problem is just getting
rid of supports I guess
oh same with this dude yeah what the
heck
oh the amount of I mean that's why this
design is just so
stupid it's really going to print a a
solid freaking block of this stuff look
at this it's going to
be look at all that
green look at all that green man that's
not the kind of green you
want that's the kind of green
you would rather not
have I'm
wondering I'm wondering if we could try
to try to reslice it I feel like this at
least will have less support
um because it'll just be under
there the
issue is going to be it's going to be
all in there which is like the features
that you kind of don't want it to be
in
uh all right well maybe I should just
start the
redesign and go from
here I mean the thing is I just don't
know how you can avoid void cuz you have
to build a cup that goes on top of
it I don't see how you can
avoid how you can
avoid I mean what you could
do is you could like sketch on
here um what's going on you can make
four holes here or something
how do you do
this wa how do you go up I just say I'll
just double click it
four a crap whatever
um but let's see yeah so you put okay
maybe I'll do that so you put some
threaded inserts here so you just have
the base that has the Helix you put four
threaded inserts here then you put this
cup um which part am I thinking of yeah
you you put this cup on the top of
it the only problem is that it gives you
it makes it a little bit
harder makes it just a bit harder to fit
because then we maybe have to make it a
little bit bigger
but
um so what would this be this would be
like
M4 hello oh [__] it's cuz we're in a new
yeah we shouldn't have done this in here
we should have done it in
here it just gets so
messy let's just rename this to be
Hopper
so first we need our base I wish I could
just copy everything here is that that
work actually that'd be so
cool yeah that's not going to
work um it's
okay may do we have a
sketch okay so we want this to be should
we okay should we just do this for
real
so what are the driving dimensions of
this thing well okay maybe we need to do
a second first draft so that we test out
a couple features that I want so I think
the first thing I want is to start
separating uh separating this out into
maybe two parts separating out this into
two
parts
because um
let's see here how are we going to fix
it to the thing
though maybe it could go from under
actually maybe it could go from under so
what we what you would do there is you
would
um let's say that what was it it was
like
70 so you'd make this like
70 and then
uh yeah okay so this would be wait but
this if this went all the way through it
would be no
good or actually no that's about perfect
so go like this but then you would
also you'd make like a I mean it really
doesn't it shouldn't matter because we
have seven
here and then was this the part that oh
yeah and then I guess the other thing
that makes this complicated is that if
we want to attach this to something then
the
Helix
then yeah then the problem is that
the the bolts you need are going to
be different
lengths but maybe that's not so bad
it comes down to how much I think I'm
going to need
this this gravity pulling down the balls
into the into the
shoot I do like the look of this but
I'm wondering how much how much that is
just because
it is more
compact I feel like that was probably
why he made it like that and not that it
can't work going out perpendicular to
the to the
center okay but then counter syncing
will be kind of annoying because you
don't have a flat face on which to
sketch so if we go to this let's go to
this how do you sketch on here does it
even let you sketch on
here wait what did it
say yeah so you can't sketch on this
helix
I guess what you do is you just do it
here so you would just um but then how
do you do the counter
sync oh this is the problem with angled
stuff it's like you can't sketch on
here h
that is kind of
frustrating I mean I understand why you
can't sketch on it
but you know what we could do I mean
it's like it's like such a hack but what
we could do is just let's just um
what was this
right uh we're going to just make this
140 no no no no no no we're going to
sketch on
here so first off this wouldn't have to
be what is
this oh that's
three okay that's fine but what we would
do is we'd sketch on
here we draw
did I get it we draw out I don't know
maybe to
there you just do this and just make it
15 sounds fine and then you just take
this and this and you extrude it by
five and then now you have like five is
actually so big why did I even choose
five cuz now if we're doing this we
don't even need
to counter sync it D this is the problem
with design is that every time you try
to do something you add so much you just
make you just increase the footprint you
just keep increasing the size of it
until it's a monster and it takes 6
hours to
print but anyways you do this and then
you do
this and you make What's the diff
distance between here and here
15 or wait
and this you make a um did we do
threaded inserts here or we just made a
I think we just made M4 hole too oh yeah
we don't even have that so just say it's
4.4 so then you uh take this you extrude
it uh remove up to
next then you do a circular pattern
feature this
axis
this okay and
now oh what do we do about
that we'll need to cut that out
somehow I mean I really don't like that
it's a rectangular cutout anyways
that's why it's nice that they have
that wait let's just try let's just try
that I'm going to do a new part
studio and it's just going to
be so that's we're just going to make
that 100 I'm going to just make
this oh wait 10 wall thickness of
yeah that's fine we're just going to
extrude
jeez this and let's just extrude it by
uh whatever it doesn't matter
50 okay and
now is this where we want to sketch
on is this where we want to sketch on so
we want to
use these four
things then we want to draw a line it's
a construction line between this and
this then we want to draw a
circle it's like out
here is that the
midpoint and we want this to be let's
say 25
wait what's
still okay
so can we get we have
tangency uh can I get a point yeah shift
S I want a point on the mid
point for no reason at all so now this
and this are H okay now we're
constrained so now we can take
this profile and we're just going to
extrude it
remove
uh through
all there's just absolutely no way that
it looks like
that I mean that looks so
dumb or actually you know what maybe it
maybe it's fine so what we're going to
do is in this sketch we're actually
going to make
it plus 6 right
31 should we make it 31
okay and first off I want to delete this
point so that this
is oh wait
um what isn't that work dude blind
what I don't really get what is going on
here okay so [__] it we're going to go
here
I'm going to delete this stupid
tangency I'm going to say the distance
from here to here is yes sure let's make
it
five how about now does that
work okay but what we also want to do
I'm want to take this sketch and we want
to make a one that's 25
so we got
this we have that extrude oh that's
silly so what we want
is how do you make a pipe coming out of
a cylinder like
that I think maybe you
um yeah how do you do that so you have a
cylinder with a hole in
it and you want a pipe to come out of
it how do you do that
you have
a okay well let's start
simpler uh we just want to delete this
and this okay let's just start on a
tangent plane
maybe so uh plane tangent click on this
okay now we make a sketch on
there this thing is lagging
bro
okay
but okay we're going to make
this
so This we're cutting out of the thing
so first off let's make here to here
like
five let's make this
30 and then we're just going to extrude
this remove
five is that enough probably not
10 but
now we want to draw on this
again wait did I get the wrong
face can we use this and get the center
nice so we're going to make this like
that this and this like that and then
we're going to extrude this in both ways
we're going to extrude this second end
position it's an
ad this one is going to be up to next
which will fail obviously so
annoying wait which one is that
one h
is I can't tell which is
which oh is that it did we do
it
okay
so maybe that's how we do
it and then we still want a
brim below it so we will need to make
that base kind of thick right because
you
need this base and then this
base and this base is the thin one that
this is the thick one to hold up the
Helix and
everything I mean honestly you kind of
do want
bro I don't get that I don't get that at
all
why I know there must be a reason but I
don't understand why it doesn't let me
do
that
like I mean can we just do something
goofy here we take
this we delete whatever this tangency
now we can move this up we say the
distance between here and here is like
.001 and now the extrude work
fine but what is wrong with this oh
yeah so wait let's look at that sketch
that's a three so we're going to make
this like
3.01 so
then whatever wall we have
here or whatever like base
ground we have
here and then in here we actually want
to do we want to thread this I don't
know how we're planning on doing
this ansy standard I don't
know pitch of uh two 2
mm wait why didn't it do
anything oh you know
why because it doesn't do it doesn't do
outers yeah it doesn't do
outers or I mean it doesn't do iners
rather
I don't know why it doesn't do iners
though kind of spooky
okay I'm almost ready to start this then
that's
weird is that cuz the
threads or is that because we do
this no it's clearly the
threads that's no good man
what do they called are they just called
inner
threads yeah
internal wait no way dude if you just
make a basic hex
nut the thread tool doesn't do that
[Music]
ah I I don't like
that wait is that that's not what we
want right
Flats distance of uh
12 a circle uh eight yeah eight sounds
good okay we can extrude this by uh I
don't know s
six and then if I click this in
Threads oh what Why didn't it work for
[Music]
mine for
I
think yeah I mean it's just a bug dude
it's just a
bug cuz this
works unfortunately it's not
really wasn't there one specifically for
printing for for printed
Parts oh these but
um
peee I wish it had more parameters
oh it's closed source
is there an offset face could I just
offset face them manually
so you select this face and this face
and you do offset
[Music]
surface I can't tell if that's removing
or adding material
no but I don't think that that actually
um it's probably this
wait I don't think that oh that's right
move
face extend a
trim I think it might be this
all right well let's try let's try move
boundary it's going be
0.15 oh okay that doesn't
work move
face select this face select this
face we want this to be
0.15 it's impossible to tell
wait what the
hell I'm confused honestly
let's
see I don't want a plane offset
okay hold
on is it move
face1 one5
[Music]
see there
it
worked there it goes
wrong
for
[Music]
for for
it's too bad you can't offset
face I don't know what you do you have
to change the whole thread profile or
something
like for
[Music]
long it's
normal
for for
that
okay I got to just get this thing
printed
okay
let's Okay so the First Dimension is
going to
be stepper width plus one
mm wait no cuz
[Music]
all
right okay so we did this and then we
did this and then we
uh did
this so this we can delete
so this is just barely
cleared what
I
okay I honestly find that whole user
interface a little
inuitive
um okay so that's what we have going on
here now we need
this we have this which is going to be
probably 1
plus I don't know it probably could be
three and then from
here we
have 25
okay so what is the dimension of this is
120 so this is smaller than what we had
before so what I'm doing is I'm just
sort of recreating the uh okay and then
what we have
here is going to
be uh this is just going to be
like
well I guess it's going to be five and
then from
here again this is just going to
be uh yeah 15's probably
good and then can we get the normal so
then we're going to have some holes here
and these are probably just going to be
M4
Hol um
yep pretty much perfect
okay but then we
need the
pipe which realistically will
go like this
yeah that's about right but for that's
looking from the top it's going to be a
circle and actually uh
and then right here yeah so we kind of
want it to be like right here and then
we're going to have this Helix start
here and it goes around and it carries
them
down and then there is a little bit of a
there's like a um
thing
here got two and a
half like that
yeah sure and then
uh wait we probably have that
somewhere yeah this is defined as 25
[Music]
but wait no we did this wrong we need to
fix this
because we're not we're missing a
wall yeah wait how do we want this to go
so we have the
motor and then we have the housing for
the
motor and then we want like a brim on
motor CU this isn't part of the real
thing but this is going to have holes in
it so that means that this base needs to
be thick anyways this to
here we could probably get away with 10
so then uh do we still have these axes
where did these planes go so now we have
this here this is also going to be one
of these M4
[Music]
tws and this distance here is going to
be five and then this is going to be a
circular
pattern and how how is that going to
work it's going to stick up
yeah that's why I was saying go from
under because the
Helix so maybe that is from
under okay so now you have
the so this whole thing is the
uh this whole part is just
the
[Music]
um that's just the motor
holder even that's going to be annoying
to print damn and then it's not going to
be flush on the ground and everything
you'd have to counter sync both but I
don't even know how you get it in
there H this is
tough maybe we could do something like
they did with just slots it slots in and
then
actually wait why don't
we yeah okay wait hold on I have an idea
wait
uh I don't know if it's going to work
actually what I was thinking is like
instead of
a instead of fasc down you fasten
across I'd make them low so that it's
easy to
install they'd be short the bolt the nut
would probably be on the outside of the
rim but then what you'd have to do is
that you'd have to increase the size of
the
housing okay so let's do one
more so this is
good I actually like this sketch cuz
it's it's a good
crosssection um I wish we could copy
some of
it but whatever I don't I don't really
mind the
repetition okay we're going to do
another sketch
okay so the first one is always the
rectangle set these two equal to each
other and you Dimension this to be
stepper
width okay you do this and you say that
the distance from here to here is
one so there's already that so that
that's already a change that's
better now that is going to be the inner
wall of the
uh okay I'm sort of down with that this
is going to be the outer wall so this to
here let's just make this
three and
then there's going to be
a
short we could honestly just have it be
two tabs but I don't really mind having
it go all the way over but then so we're
going to make a circle
here that just has the clearance in it
this is just going to be
0.5 and then from here we're going to
make another Circle and this is going to
be three we're doing wall thickness of
three right now just how it goes just to
see what's
up okay and then there's going to be
holes that go through this so let's just
do that like this
just say it's F it's say okay
whatever so there's a bolt that goes
through and there's a nut in
here and this thing only goes up like 10
high okay
and so then this thing comes down flush
we don't actually have to make it come
down flush though it could sit on
something it could sit on some yeah
right so decouple the fact that you you
have it slot in based on uh like a a
vertical constraint from the fact that
you actually have to bolt it down
vertically so you still still bolting it
down horizontally but you have it slot
in so what I'm saying is like you either
put the motor holder part on top or you
slide it from the
bottom but either way there's going to
be some Notch that prevents it that so
you so that you know the holes are
aligned I kind of like that
[Music]
design
for
for for
d for
are
they all right all right all right